README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Revise README for VEP Frontend project
Updated project description, key features, and getting started instructions.

README.md, after:

# VEP Frontend

**VEP** is a comprehensive **Next.js frontend project** focusing on modern **UI/UX design** and interactive components. The project showcases a fully-featured dashboard, user account management, and modular reusable components for a professional web application interface.

### Key Features

- Interactive **Dashboard** with real-time UI updates.  
- User authentication pages: **Login** and **Signup**.  
- Component-based design with reusable **Cards, Activities, AppBar, and UI elements**.  
- Responsive and modern layout built with **Tailwind CSS**.  
- Modular structure for maintainability and scalability.  
- Designed with **professional UI/UX principles** for seamless user experience.

### Project Structure


/components # Reusable UI components (Cards, Activities, AppBar, etc.)
/pages # Next.js pages (Dashboard, Login, Signup, Index)
/styles # Component-specific styling using Tailwind CSS
/public # Static assets (logos, images, etc.)
/data.js # Sample or static data for UI components


### Getting Started

Clone the repository, install dependencies, and start the development server:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/saphalpantha/vep.git
cd vep
npm install
npm run dev
